[docs] Create a start.md to add links about development builds (#134)
expo/fyi: start.md

# Start with a development build

> [Development builds](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/) of your app are Debug builds of your project that has the `expo-dev-client` library installed in your project's dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Development builds](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/) of your app are debug builds of a project with the `expo-dev-client` library.
```

> To learn more, see [Create a development build using EAS](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/create-a-build/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about creating native builds, see [Create a development build using EAS](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/create-a-build/) to learn how to build in the cloud, or learn [how to compile your project locally with Android Studio or Xcode](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/local-app-development/#local-app-compilation).
```

> To learn more about creating native builds, see [Create a development build using EAS](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/create-a-build/) to learn how to build in the cloud, or learn [how to compile your project locally with Android Studio or Xcode](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/local-app-development/#local-app-compilation).

Author: ```suggestion
See [Create a development build using EAS](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/create-a-build/) to learn how to build in the cloud, or learn [how to compile your project locally with Android Studio or Xcode](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/local-app-development/#local-app-compilation).
```

> Alternatively, you can also learn how to [compile your project locally with Android Studio or Xcode](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/local-app-development/#local-app-compilation).

Author: ```suggestion
```
